{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.15063}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\par
Setting environment for using XAMPP for Windows.\par
710019@128-IMAC11 c:\\xampp\par
# mysql _u root _p\par
mysql  Ver 15.1 Distrib 10.1.21-MariaDB, for Win32 (AMD64)\par
Copyright (c) 2000, 2016, Oracle, MariaDB Corporation Ab and others.\par
\par
Usage: mysql [OPTIONS] [database]\par
\par
Default options are read from the following files in the given order:\par
C:\\Windows\\my.ini C:\\Windows\\my.cnf C:\\my.ini C:\\my.cnf C:\\xampp\\mysql\\my.ini C:\\xampp\\mysql\\my.cnf C:\\xampp\\mysql\\data\\my.ini C:\\xampp\\mysql\\data\\my.cnf C:\\xampp\\mysql\\bin\\my.ini C:\\xampp\\mysql\\bin\\my.cnf\par
The following groups are read: mysql client client-server client-mariadb\par
The following options may be given as the first argument:\par
--print-defaults        Print the program argument list and exit.\par
--no-defaults           Don't read default options from any option file.\par
--defaults-file=#       Only read default options from the given file #.\par
--defaults-extra-file=# Read this file after the global files are read.\par
\par
  -?, --help          Display this help and exit.\par
  -I, --help          Synonym for -?\par
  --abort-source-on-error\par
                      Abort 'source filename' operations in case of errors\par
  --auto-rehash       Enable automatic rehashing. One doesn't need to use\par
                      'rehash' to get table and field completion, but startup\par
                      and reconnecting may take a longer time. Disable with\par
                      --disable-auto-rehash.\par
                      (Defaults to on; use --skip-auto-rehash to disable.)\par
  -A, --no-auto-rehash\par
                      No automatic rehashing. One has to use 'rehash' to get\par
                      table and field completion. This gives a quicker start of\par
                      mysql and disables rehashing on reconnect.\par
  --auto-vertical-output\par
                      Automatically switch to vertical output mode if the\par
                      result is wider than the terminal width.\par
  -B, --batch         Don't use history file. Disable interactive behavior.\par
                      (Enables --silent.)\par
  --character-sets-dir=name\par
                      Directory for character set files.\par
  --column-type-info  Display column type information.\par
  -c, --comments      Preserve comments. Send comments to the server. The\par
                      default is --skip-comments (discard comments), enable\par
                      with --comments.\par
  -C, --compress      Use compression in server/client protocol.\par
  -#, --debug[=#]     This is a non-debug version. Catch this and exit.\par
  --debug-check       Check memory and open file usage at exit.\par
  -T, --debug-info    Print some debug info at exit.\par
  -D, --database=name Database to use.\par
  --default-character-set=name\par
                      Set the default character set.\par
  --delimiter=name    Delimiter to be used.\par
  -e, --execute=name  Execute command and quit. (Disables --force and history\par
                      file.)\par
  -E, --vertical      Print the output of a query (rows) vertically.\par
  -f, --force         Continue even if we get an SQL error. Sets\par
                      abort-source-on-error to 0\par
  -G, --named-commands\par
                      Enable named commands. Named commands mean this program's\par
                      internal commands; see mysql> help . When enabled, the\par
                      named commands can be used from any line of the query,\par
                      otherwise only from the first line, before an enter.\par
                      Disable with --disable-named-commands. This option is\par
                      disabled by default.\par
  -i, --ignore-spaces Ignore space after function names.\par
  --init-command=name SQL Command to execute when connecting to MySQL server.\par
                      Will automatically be re-executed when reconnecting.\par
  --local-infile      Enable/disable LOAD DATA LOCAL INFILE.\par
  -b, --no-beep       Turn off beep on error.\par
  -h, --host=name     Connect to host.\par
  -H, --html          Produce HTML output.\par
  -X, --xml           Produce XML output.\par
  --line-numbers      Write line numbers for errors.\par
                      (Defaults to on; use --skip-line-numbers to disable.)\par
  -L, --skip-line-numbers\par
                      Don't write line number for errors.\par
  -n, --unbuffered    Flush buffer after each query.\par
  --column-names      Write column names in results.\par
                      (Defaults to on; use --skip-column-names to disable.)\par
  -N, --skip-column-names\par
                      Don't write column names in results.\par
  --sigint-ignore     Ignore SIGINT (CTRL-C).\par
  -o, --one-database  Ignore statements except those that occur while the\par
                      default database is the one named at the command line.\par
  -p, --password[=name]\par
                      Password to use when connecting to server. If password is\par
                      not given it's asked from the tty.\par
  -W, --pipe          Use named pipes to connect to server.\par
  -P, --port=#        Port number to use for connection or 0 for default to, in\par
                      order of preference, my.cnf, $MYSQL_TCP_PORT,\par
                      /etc/services, built-in default (3306).\par
  --progress-reports  Get progress reports for long running commands (like\par
                      ALTER TABLE)\par
                      (Defaults to on; use --skip-progress-reports to disable.)\par
  --prompt=name       Set the mysql prompt to this value.\par
  --protocol=name     The protocol to use for connection (tcp, socket, pipe,\par
                      memory).\par
  -q, --quick         Don't cache result, print it row by row. This may slow\par
                      down the server if the output is suspended. Doesn't use\par
                      history file.\par
  -r, --raw           Write fields without conversion. Used with --batch.\par
  --reconnect         Reconnect if the connection is lost. Disable with\par
                      --disable-reconnect. This option is enabled by default.\par
                      (Defaults to on; use --skip-reconnect to disable.)\par
  -s, --silent        Be more silent. Print results with a tab as separator,\par
                      each row on new line.\par
  --shared-memory-base-name=name\par
                      Base name of shared memory.\par
  -S, --socket=name   The socket file to use for connection.\par
  --ssl               Enable SSL for connection (automatically enabled with\par
                      other flags).\par
  --ssl-ca=name       CA file in PEM format (check OpenSSL docs, implies\par
                      --ssl).\par
  --ssl-capath=name   CA directory (check OpenSSL docs, implies --ssl).\par
  --ssl-cert=name     X509 cert in PEM format (implies --ssl).\par
  --ssl-cipher=name   SSL cipher to use (implies --ssl).\par
  --ssl-key=name      X509 key in PEM format (implies --ssl).\par
  --ssl-crl=name      Certificate revocation list (implies --ssl).\par
  --ssl-crlpath=name  Certificate revocation list path (implies --ssl).\par
  --ssl-verify-server-cert\par
                      Verify server's "Common Name" in its cert against\par
                      hostname used when connecting. This option is disabled by\par
                      default.\par
  -t, --table         Output in table format.\par
  --tee=name          Append everything into outfile. See interactive help (\\h)\par
                      also. Does not work in batch mode. Disable with\par
                      --disable-tee. This option is disabled by default.\par
  -u, --user=name     User for login if not current user.\par
  -U, --safe-updates  Only allow UPDATE and DELETE that uses keys.\par
  -U, --i-am-a-dummy  Synonym for option --safe-updates, -U.\par
  -v, --verbose       Write more. (-v -v -v gives the table output format).\par
  -V, --version       Output version information and exit.\par
  -w, --wait          Wait and retry if connection is down.\par
  --connect-timeout=# Number of seconds before connection timeout.\par
  --max-allowed-packet=#\par
                      The maximum packet length to send to or receive from\par
                      server.\par
  --net-buffer-length=#\par
                      The buffer size for TCP/IP and socket communication.\par
  --select-limit=#    Automatic limit for SELECT when using --safe-updates.\par
  --max-join-size=#   Automatic limit for rows in a join when using\par
                      --safe-updates.\par
  --secure-auth       Refuse client connecting to server if it uses old\par
                      (pre-4.1.1) protocol.\par
  --server-arg=name   Send embedded server this as a parameter.\par
  --show-warnings     Show warnings after every statement.\par
  --plugin-dir=name   Directory for client-side plugins.\par
  --default-auth=name Default authentication client-side plugin to use.\par
  --binary-mode       By default, ASCII '\\0' is disallowed and '\\r\\n' is\par
                      translated to '\\n'. This switch turns off both features,\par
                      and also turns off parsing of all clientcommands except\par
                      \\C and DELIMITER, in non-interactive mode (for input\par
                      piped to mysql or loaded using the 'source' command).\par
                      This is necessary when processing output from mysqlbinlog\par
                      that may contain blobs.\par
\par
Variables (--variable-name=value)\par
and boolean options \{FALSE|TRUE\}  Value (after reading options)\par
--------------------------------- ----------------------------------------\par
abort-source-on-error             FALSE\par
auto-rehash                       FALSE\par
auto-vertical-output              FALSE\par
character-sets-dir                (No default value)\par
column-type-info                  FALSE\par
comments                          FALSE\par
compress                          FALSE\par
debug-check                       FALSE\par
debug-info                        FALSE\par
database                          (No default value)\par
default-character-set             auto\par
delimiter                         ;\par
vertical                          FALSE\par
force                             FALSE\par
named-commands                    FALSE\par
ignore-spaces                     FALSE\par
init-command                      (No default value)\par
local-infile                      FALSE\par
no-beep                           FALSE\par
host                              (No default value)\par
html                              FALSE\par
xml                               FALSE\par
line-numbers                      TRUE\par
unbuffered                        FALSE\par
column-names                      TRUE\par
sigint-ignore                     FALSE\par
port                              3306\par
progress-reports                  TRUE\par
prompt                            \\N [\\d]>\par
quick                             FALSE\par
raw                               FALSE\par
reconnect                         TRUE\par
shared-memory-base-name           (No default value)\par
socket                            C:/xampp/mysql/mysql.sock\par
ssl                               FALSE\par
ssl-ca                            (No default value)\par
ssl-capath                        (No default value)\par
ssl-cert                          (No default value)\par
ssl-cipher                        (No default value)\par
ssl-key                           (No default value)\par
ssl-crl                           (No default value)\par
ssl-crlpath                       (No default value)\par
ssl-verify-server-cert            FALSE\par
table                             FALSE\par
user                              (No default value)\par
safe-updates                      FALSE\par
i-am-a-dummy                      FALSE\par
connect-timeout                   0\par
max-allowed-packet                16777216\par
net-buffer-length                 16384\par
select-limit                      1000\par
max-join-size                     1000000\par
secure-auth                       FALSE\par
show-warnings                     FALSE\par
plugin-dir                        (No default value)\par
default-auth                      (No default value)\par
binary-mode                       FALSE\par
\par
710019@128-IMAC11 c:\\xampp\par
# my -u root -p\par
'my' is not recognized as an internal or external command,\par
operable program or batch file.\par
\par
710019@128-IMAC11 c:\\xampp\par
#\par
710019@128-IMAC11 c:\\xampp\par
# mysql -u root -p\par
Enter password:\par
Welcome to the MariaDB monitor.  Commands end with ; or \\g.\par
Your MariaDB connection id is 2\par
Server version: 10.1.21-MariaDB mariadb.org binary distribution\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000, 2016, Oracle, MariaDB Corporation Ab and others.\par
\par
Type 'help;' or '\\h' for help. Type '\\c' to clear the current input statement.\par
\par
MariaDB [(none)]> show databases;\par
+--------------------+\par
| Database           |\par
+--------------------+\par
| information_schema |\par
| mysql              |\par
| performance_schema |\par
| phpmyadmin         |\par
| test               |\par
+--------------------+\par
5 rows in set (0.01 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [(none)]> show databases\par
    -> ;\par
+--------------------+\par
| Database           |\par
+--------------------+\par
| information_schema |\par
| mysql              |\par
| performance_schema |\par
| phpmyadmin         |\par
| test               |\par
+--------------------+\par
5 rows in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [(none)]> create database csd2204w18;\par
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [(none)]> show databases;\par
+--------------------+\par
| Database           |\par
+--------------------+\par
| csd2204w18         |\par
| information_schema |\par
| mysql              |\par
| performance_schema |\par
| phpmyadmin         |\par
| test               |\par
+--------------------+\par
6 rows in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [(none)]> use csd2204w18;\par
Database changed\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> show tables;\par
Empty set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> create table customers(\par
    -> customerid int(2),\par
    -> name varchar(40),\par
    -> nickname varchar(10);\par
ERROR 1064 (42000): You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MariaDB server version for the right syntax to use near '' at line 4\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> create table customers(\par
    -> customerid int(2),\par
    -> name varchar(40),\par
    -> nickname varchar(10),\par
    -> address varchar(50),\par
    -> city varchar(30),\par
    -> postalcode int(6)\par
    -> );\par
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.27 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> show tables;\par
+----------------------+\par
| Tables_in_csd2204w18 |\par
+----------------------+\par
| customers            |\par
+----------------------+\par
1 row in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> desc customers;\par
+------------+-------------+------+-----+---------+-------+\par
| Field      | Type        | Null | Key | Default | Extra |\par
+------------+-------------+------+-----+---------+-------+\par
| customerid | int(2)      | YES  |     | NULL    |       |\par
| name       | varchar(40) | YES  |     | NULL    |       |\par
| nickname   | varchar(10) | YES  |     | NULL    |       |\par
| address    | varchar(50) | YES  |     | NULL    |       |\par
| city       | varchar(30) | YES  |     | NULL    |       |\par
| postalcode | int(6)      | YES  |     | NULL    |       |\par
+------------+-------------+------+-----+---------+-------+\par
6 rows in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> descibe customers;\par
ERROR 1064 (42000): You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MariaDB server version for the right syntax to use near 'descibe customers' at line 1\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> describe customers;\par
+------------+-------------+------+-----+---------+-------+\par
| Field      | Type        | Null | Key | Default | Extra |\par
+------------+-------------+------+-----+---------+-------+\par
| customerid | int(2)      | YES  |     | NULL    |       |\par
| name       | varchar(40) | YES  |     | NULL    |       |\par
| nickname   | varchar(10) | YES  |     | NULL    |       |\par
| address    | varchar(50) | YES  |     | NULL    |       |\par
| city       | varchar(30) | YES  |     | NULL    |       |\par
| postalcode | int(6)      | YES  |     | NULL    |       |\par
+------------+-------------+------+-----+---------+-------+\par
6 rows in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> show create table customers;\par
+-----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+\par
| Table     | Create Table                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |\par
+-----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+\par
| customers | CREATE TABLE `customers` (\par
  `customerid` int(2) DEFAULT NULL,\par
  `name` varchar(40) DEFAULT NULL,\par
  `nickname` varchar(10) DEFAULT NULL,\par
  `address` varchar(50) DEFAULT NULL,\par
  `city` varchar(30) DEFAULT NULL,\par
  `postalcode` int(6) DEFAULT NULL\par
) ENGINE=InnoDB DEFAULT CHARSET=latin1 |\par
+-----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+\par
1 row in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> insert into customers values(1,'kamal','deep','blazing','brampton',12345);\par
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.45 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> insert into customers values(2,'gagan','preet','north','york',234567);\par
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.05 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> insert into customers values(3,'navneet','nav','south','toronto',236784);\par
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.05 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> insert into customers values(4,'sukhi','sukh','clark','ontario',34567);\par
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.05 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> insert into customers values(5,'hellen''nik','dixit','mississouga',456789);\par
ERROR 1136 (21S01): Column count doesn't match value count at row 1\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> insert into customers values(5,'hellen','nik','dixit','mississouga',345678);\par
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.05 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> insert into customers values(6,'pooja','jee','torbram','west',567893);\par
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.06 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> insert into customers values(7,'kamy','kam','sandal','south',345698);\par
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.06 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> insert into customers values(8,'tim','you','water','north',789345);\par
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.03 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> insert into customers values(9,'mini','min','forest','toronto',236784);\par
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.05 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> insert into customers values(10,'kini','kin','lion','mount',456783);\par
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.06 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers;\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
| customerid | name    | nickname | address | city        | postalcode |\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
|          1 | kamal   | deep     | blazing | brampton    |      12345 |\par
|          2 | gagan   | preet    | north   | york        |     234567 |\par
|          3 | navneet | nav      | south   | toronto     |     236784 |\par
|          4 | sukhi   | sukh     | clark   | ontario     |      34567 |\par
|          5 | hellen  | nik      | dixit   | mississouga |     345678 |\par
|          6 | pooja   | jee      | torbram | west        |     567893 |\par
|          7 | kamy    | kam      | sandal  | south       |     345698 |\par
|          8 | tim     | you      | water   | north       |     789345 |\par
|          9 | mini    | min      | forest  | toronto     |     236784 |\par
|         10 | kini    | kin      | lion    | mount       |     456783 |\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
10 rows in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers WHERE city='toronto';\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
| customerid | name    | nickname | address | city    | postalcode |\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
|          3 | navneet | nav      | south   | toronto |     236784 |\par
|          9 | mini    | min      | forest  | toronto |     236784 |\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
2 rows in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers WHERE name='hellen';\par
+------------+--------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
| customerid | name   | nickname | address | city        | postalcode |\par
+------------+--------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
|          5 | hellen | nik      | dixit   | mississouga |     345678 |\par
+------------+--------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
1 row in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where city='toronto'or city='york';\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
| customerid | name    | nickname | address | city    | postalcode |\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
|          2 | gagan   | preet    | north   | york    |     234567 |\par
|          3 | navneet | nav      | south   | toronto |     236784 |\par
|          9 | mini    | min      | forest  | toronto |     236784 |\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
3 rows in set (0.01 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where name='gagan'or city='york';\par
+------------+-------+----------+---------+------+------------+\par
| customerid | name  | nickname | address | city | postalcode |\par
+------------+-------+----------+---------+------+------------+\par
|          2 | gagan | preet    | north   | york |     234567 |\par
+------------+-------+----------+---------+------+------------+\par
1 row in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where customerid=4;\par
+------------+-------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
| customerid | name  | nickname | address | city    | postalcode |\par
+------------+-------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
|          4 | sukhi | sukh     | clark   | ontario |      34567 |\par
+------------+-------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
1 row in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where customerid between 2 and 7;\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
| customerid | name    | nickname | address | city        | postalcode |\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
|          2 | gagan   | preet    | north   | york        |     234567 |\par
|          3 | navneet | nav      | south   | toronto     |     236784 |\par
|          4 | sukhi   | sukh     | clark   | ontario     |      34567 |\par
|          5 | hellen  | nik      | dixit   | mississouga |     345678 |\par
|          6 | pooja   | jee      | torbram | west        |     567893 |\par
|          7 | kamy    | kam      | sandal  | south       |     345698 |\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
6 rows in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where customerid between 2 or 7;\par
ERROR 1064 (42000): You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MariaDB server version for the right syntax to use near 'or 7' at line 1\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where customerid between 7 amd 2;\par
ERROR 1064 (42000): You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MariaDB server version for the right syntax to use near 'amd 2' at line 1\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where customerid between 7 and 2;\par
Empty set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where nickname between 'nav' and 'nik';\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
| customerid | name    | nickname | address | city        | postalcode |\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
|          3 | navneet | nav      | south   | toronto     |     236784 |\par
|          5 | hellen  | nik      | dixit   | mississouga |     345678 |\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
2 rows in set (0.02 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where nickname between 'nav' and 'nik';\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
| customerid | name    | nickname | address | city        | postalcode |\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
|          3 | navneet | nav      | south   | toronto     |     236784 |\par
|          5 | hellen  | nik      | dixit   | mississouga |     345678 |\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
2 rows in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where nickname between 'preet' and 'nik';\par
Empty set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where nickname between 'jee' and 'sukh';\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
| customerid | name    | nickname | address | city        | postalcode |\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
|          2 | gagan   | preet    | north   | york        |     234567 |\par
|          3 | navneet | nav      | south   | toronto     |     236784 |\par
|          4 | sukhi   | sukh     | clark   | ontario     |      34567 |\par
|          5 | hellen  | nik      | dixit   | mississouga |     345678 |\par
|          6 | pooja   | jee      | torbram | west        |     567893 |\par
|          7 | kamy    | kam      | sandal  | south       |     345698 |\par
|          9 | mini    | min      | forest  | toronto     |     236784 |\par
|         10 | kini    | kin      | lion    | mount       |     456783 |\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
8 rows in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where nickname between 'sukh' and 'jee';\par
Empty set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where name like 'n%';\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
| customerid | name    | nickname | address | city    | postalcode |\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
|          3 | navneet | nav      | south   | toronto |     236784 |\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
1 row in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where city like 't%';\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
| customerid | name    | nickname | address | city    | postalcode |\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
|          3 | navneet | nav      | south   | toronto |     236784 |\par
|          9 | mini    | min      | forest  | toronto |     236784 |\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
2 rows in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where name like '_u%';\par
+------------+-------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
| customerid | name  | nickname | address | city    | postalcode |\par
+------------+-------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
|          4 | sukhi | sukh     | clark   | ontario |      34567 |\par
+------------+-------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
1 row in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where name like '_uk%';\par
+------------+-------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
| customerid | name  | nickname | address | city    | postalcode |\par
+------------+-------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
|          4 | sukhi | sukh     | clark   | ontario |      34567 |\par
+------------+-------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
1 row in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where name like '_u_h%';\par
+------------+-------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
| customerid | name  | nickname | address | city    | postalcode |\par
+------------+-------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
|          4 | sukhi | sukh     | clark   | ontario |      34567 |\par
+------------+-------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
1 row in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where name like 's%' and city ='ontario';\par
+------------+-------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
| customerid | name  | nickname | address | city    | postalcode |\par
+------------+-------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
|          4 | sukhi | sukh     | clark   | ontario |      34567 |\par
+------------+-------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
1 row in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where customerid in (2,4,7,5);\par
+------------+--------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
| customerid | name   | nickname | address | city        | postalcode |\par
+------------+--------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
|          2 | gagan  | preet    | north   | york        |     234567 |\par
|          4 | sukhi  | sukh     | clark   | ontario     |      34567 |\par
|          5 | hellen | nik      | dixit   | mississouga |     345678 |\par
|          7 | kamy   | kam      | sandal  | south       |     345698 |\par
+------------+--------+----------+---------+-------------+------------+\par
4 rows in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where nickname in (jee,nav,sukh);\par
ERROR 1054 (42S22): Unknown column 'jee' in 'where clause'\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]> select * from customers where nickname in ('jee','nav','sukh');\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
| customerid | name    | nickname | address | city    | postalcode |\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
|          3 | navneet | nav      | south   | toronto |     236784 |\par
|          4 | sukhi   | sukh     | clark   | ontario |      34567 |\par
|          6 | pooja   | jee      | torbram | west    |     567893 |\par
+------------+---------+----------+---------+---------+------------+\par
3 rows in set (0.00 sec)\par
\par
MariaDB [csd2204w18]>\par
}
 